What is a Module?
Is the smallest piece of software.
A module is a set of methods or functions ready to be used somewhere else.

What is a Package?
It is a collection of modules.
Usually what a package does, is gather a number of modules holding in 
general the same functional purpose.
Making it easier to include all the related modules at once.

Library
Well library at it's core, is a collections of packages. 
It's purpose is to offer a set of functionalities ready to 
use without worrying about the subsequent packages. 
So a library is what you include when you want to add some functionality 
to your code. It does not force any coding style on you either.

Framework
It's a set of libraries. 
But this time, the framework does not just offer functionalities, 
but it also provides an architecture for the development work. 
In other words you don't include a framework. 
You integrate your code into it. 
It is the wire frame of the project. 
That's why a framework forces its coding style on you.



What is a Framework?

To do a specific task, we require specific classes / functions / 
interfaces. 
Like if we want to write a program related to a calculator application,
we require ---> 
1. a method to take input from device to calculator application
2. for processing we need some functions like add(), subtract(), etc
3. again for logging the output of calculator application to the device we
need some output writing methods like log(), display(), etc.

So, everytime, you want to create a calculator application, 
would you want to do it from scratch? 
Obviously, no. We would simply use these pre-defined codes 
and on top of it, we will write our own code!

So for ease, we put all these pre-written codes, may it be classes, 
functions, interfaces, callbacks, listeners, constants, etc etc 
inside one place and that is nothing but a framework. 

Therefore, Framework are the bodies that contains the pre-written codes 
(classes and functions) in which we can add our code to overcome the 
problem.

Spring, Collections, etc are example of Frameworks in Java.

What is a collection in Java?
A Collection represents a single unit of objects.



